Update generic_actions.md to seperate Logic Actions from Generic actions (#19097)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/service_management/workflows/actions_catalog/generic_actions.md

  text: "Learn about integrations"
---

> Generic actions are workflow actions which are not associated with a tool or integration. This allows you to overcome any action that may not be currently present in the Actions catalog. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generic actions are workflow actions that are not associated with a tool or integration. They allow you to overcome any action that may not be currently present in the Actions catalog. 
```

> Generic actions are workflow actions that are not associated with a tool or integration. They allow you to overcome any action that may not be currently present in the Actions catalog. 
> As with all workflow actions, you can use the [context variables][1] tab to access any values available in the workflow context.
> You can also [request for a new action or entire integration][5]. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Generic actions are workflow actions that are not associated with a tool or integration. They allow you to overcome any action that may not be currently present in the Actions catalog.

As with all workflow actions, you can use the [context variables][1] tab to access any values available in the workflow context.

You can also [request a new action or entire integration][5].
```
